Listen to them—the children of the night. What music they make!

I bid you welcome, Mr. Harker, to my house.

I trust you will find your stay... comfortable.

There are far worse things awaiting man than death.

The blood is the life.

You will do my bidding because I command it!

I never drink... wine.

My revenge has just begun!

I feed like an old man peels a peach: slowly, carefully... lovingly.

I have outlived God.

You are late, young man. It is almost midnight. My servants have all retired.

Blood! Your precious blood!

Let us chat together a moment, my friend. There are still several hours until dawn, and I have the whole day to sleep.

Is this your wife? What a lovely throat!

That old mansion seems quite satisfactory. We shall be neighbors.

You are late. The midnight hour is passed and my attendants have all retired.

Leave there your conveniences. Set out the deed. And sit.

I wish you to do as I request.

Lord.

Your Lord. I will be addressed as the honour of my blood demands it.

Pray, sit.

I am most impatient to bring my eyes to your covenant papers and my correspondence with your proprietor, Herr Knock. I have long awaited them, and I hold matters I must attend to upon the morrow.

Drink.

Yesternight was but the eve of their Szent András. Our common people say it is the darkest witching night when Devil’s magic bids the wolf to speak with tongues of men, and every nightmare freely treads upon this earth, ascendent from the torturous grave.

I fear we yet keep close many superstitions here that may seem backward to a young man of your high learning.

It is their filthy ritual.

Speak not of it again!

How I look forward to retiring to your city of a modern mind, who knows nothing of... nor believes any such morbid... fairy tales.

Eat.

You are married, Herr Hutter – ?

Take heed what you do.

I might ease your wound.

Come by the fire. Your face shows you unwell.

And your signature, as solicitor.

The language of my forefathers.

A maiden’s token, I see. Your bride?

May I?

Liliac.

You are fortunate in your love.

Your signature....

I pray you will indulge my pardon.

I durst not neglect your commission, Herr Hutter.

Now are we neighbours.

The covenant is signed.

It is late. You must wish to retire?

It is a black omen to journey in poor health. You will remain and well rest yourself, that your strength may soon return to you. Leave here your letters.

You will obey this my council.